SQL syntax may differ slightly depending on which RDBMS you are using. Here is a brief description of popular RDBMSs:

MySQL
  MySQL is the most popular open source SQL database. It is typically used for web application development, and often accessed using PHP.
  The main advantages of MySQL are that it is easy to use, inexpensive, reliable (has been around since 1995), and has a large community of developers who can 
  help answer questions.
  Some of the disadvantages are that it has been known to suffer from poor performance when scaling, open source development has lagged since Oracle has taken 
  control of MySQL, and it does not include some advanced features that developers may be used to.

PostgreSQL
  PostgreSQL is an open source SQL database that is not controlled by any corporation. It is typically used for web application development.
  PostgreSQL shares many of the same advantages of MySQL. It is easy to use, inexpensive, reliable and has a large community of developers. It also provides some 
  additional features such as foreign key support without requiring complex configuration.
  The main disadvantage of PostgreSQL is that it can be slower in performance than other databases such as MySQL. It is also slightly less popular than MySQL.

Oracle DB
  Oracle Corporation owns Oracle Database, and the code is not open sourced.
  Oracle DB is for large applications, particularly in the banking industry. Most of the world’s top banks run Oracle applications because Oracle offers a 
  powerful combination of technology and comprehensive, pre-integrated business applications, including essential functionality built specifically for banks.
  The main disadvantage of using Oracle is that it is not free to use like its open source competitors and can be quite expensive.

SQL Server
  Microsoft owns SQL Server. Like Oracle DB, the code is close sourced.
  Large enterprise applications mostly use SQL Server.
  Microsoft offers a free entry-level version called Express but can become very expensive as you scale your application.

SQLite
  SQLite is a popular open source SQL database. It can store an entire database in a single file. One of the most significant advantages this provides is that all 
  of the data can be stored locally without having to connect your database to a server.
  SQLite is a popular choice for databases in cellphones, PDAs, MP3 players, set-top boxes, and other electronic gadgets. The SQL courses on Codecademy use SQLite.
